# Privacy Policy

Last updated: September 17, 2022

This Privacy Policy describes my policy and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

# Interpretation and Definitions

## Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

## Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, most of which don't apply here, but why not?

- **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
- **Affiliate** means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
- **Application** means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Select field option editor
- **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Select field option editor.
- **Country** refers to: California, United States
- **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- **Service** refers to the Application.
- **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

# Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

## Types of Data Collected

### Personal Data

We do not collect any data with this application.

## Use of Your Personal Data

We do not collect or use any data for this application.

## Retention of Your Personal Data

We do not retain any data for this application.

## Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, not collected, nor transferred.

# Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

- By visiting this page on our website: [https://github.com/kevee/airtable-extension-select-option-manager/issues](https://github.com/kevee/airtable-extension-select-option-manager/issues)
